MATT: My department is Matt Parker.
TOM: I am Tom Scott.
I am at home in King's Cross subway station.
5:30, the busiest time to become a subway network
MATT: I am going to go to the side.
And the system is so loud that it’s a big talk on the London Underground.
TOM: Everyone knows that the London subway map is distorted reality.
For a long time, it’s accurate, but the system is always
I followed the map and took the subway from Lancaster Gate to Paddington.
MATT: I just went to the destination on the ground.
-- Go to hell! --- Oh!
TOM: I have to talk first.
Waiting for the moon
Take two stops after getting on the bus
Then drop the car
Take a long road and go up the stairs
Another bus waiting for another platform
Get on the bus and take two stops
Forced to pass the Paddington station
Use 咗 15 minutes first
MATT: Everyone has a map of the ground.
Tom is actually taking a big circle.
There is actually only two steps between the two stations.
I am so proud of it.
-- Go to hell! --- Oh! MATT: I am comfortable taking five minutes.
Walking through the streets of London
One mosquito is driving
Go to Paddington Station and have time
Drinking a cup of tea, screaming dead Tom
TOM: I am top... I really thought I would win.
TOM: The London Underground has more hidden words.
Bank station is crowded every time
To live in one direction
In the evening, I will change to the opposite direction.
So the sign is followed by the arrow
MATT: According to the BBC program "The Tube"
Sometimes subway staff will call passengers
Swim a big garden
咁 will make the channel slow down
Avoid them in danger and bury them
At the same time, it will make anyone unhappy.
TOM: But I have explained the situation of King's Cross.
On the Victoria Line, I will follow the signs to take the train.
MATT: I will go to the fine noodles.
I just stayed at the exit of the Euston Road exit line.
TOM: When Matt uses his generous "inside information" at the same time
I am going to force the platform to hold the bank.
Row of stairs
Zhong has to go through one long tunnel
It seems like never ending
Pass through the new north lobby
Then enter King's Cross Station
Finally, after five minutes, I will meet Matt.
TOM: I have to make shortcuts in the future!
MATT: Do you know me first?
Because I only need it
Take the elevator to the ground
喺Outline for one minute
I will go to La
Go to the train station entrance in about half the time
Listening to the fall is like a lot of
But if you want to catch the train
There will be great differences in less time.
The problem is, if all of them are like me
It will make a lot of people bury them in abundance.
As a result, everyone is slow.
TOM: The design of the railway system
When you are in a hurry, make everyone happy as a whole.
There used to be a wise man who told me
"The needs of everyone are more important than personal needs"
It’s just a matter of ordering the London Underground to marry you.
Cantonese subtitle translation: TheJeoparadise